=head1 NAME

SQL::Routine::Castaways - Archaic functionality that was stripped from SQL::Routine

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This documentation file is a small place-holder to represent the
"SQL-Routine-Castaways" distribution on CPAN; its NAME would get used by CPAN
as the brief descriptive blurb for this distribution among a list of
distributions.  You should continue by reading the documentation in the 2
functional modules, SQL::Routine::ByTree and SQL::Routine::SkipID.

=head2 THE FUTURE

No further development is planned for these modules, though the occasional
updates may be made anyway.

Their reason to exist so far has 3 main aspects: 1. To preserve functionality
that was once developed in SQL::Routine and later stripped from it, for
historical posterity or for learning from; 2. To help test SQL::Routine through
its further development by exercising parts of it that other types of tests
didn't touch, including the ability to be sub-classed, and this allowed me to
expose bugs or design flaws in SQL::Routine a lot sooner; 3. to serve as an
example to future module or application builders on ways that SQL::Routine can
be used or extended.

While I may occasionally give attention to these modules, such as to keep them
compatible with changes to the parent class and test said parent, I will mostly
be ignoring these modules from now on.  The parent and some other users of it
will keep my attention instead.

Note that I forsaw these modules' short life and intentionally gave them names
which I thought other people would not want to use for a module themselves.

If you would like to make new modules of your own which conceptually replaces
any of these ones, and does the job properly, then you have my blessing.  But
please tell me about it so I can add a reference to it.  You may also blatantly
copy any code from these modules to your own, though I request to be credited. 
Or alternately, if you wish to become the primary maintainer of these actual
modules with respect to CPAN, then please write me to arrange it (and credit
me).

=head1 SEE ALSO

SQL::Routine and various other modules mentioned in its SEE ALSO.

=cut
